feat(eslint-plugin): add `class-literal-property-style` rule (#1582)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/class-literals-style.md

# Ensures that literals on classes are exposed in a consistent style (`class-literals-style`)

When writing TypeScript applications, it's typically safe to store literal values on classes using fields with the `readonly` modifier to prevent them from being reassigned.
When writing TypeScript libraries that could be used by Javascript users however, it's typically safer to expose these literals using `getter`s, since the `readonly` modifier is enforced at compile type.

## Rule Details

This rule aims to ensure that literals exposed by classes are done so consistently, in one of the two style described above.
Since both styles have their place, this rule by default does nothing - you must provide it with your desired style: either `fields` or `getters`.

> Note that this rule only checks for _literal_ values, and so not objects, arrays, or functions.

Reviewer: nit clarification
```suggestion
Note that this rule only checks for constant _literal_ values (string, template string, number, bigint, boolean, regexp, null). It does not check objects or arrays, because a readonly field behaves differently to a getter in those cases. It also does not check functions, as it is a common pattern to use readonly fields with arrow function values as auto-bound methods.
```

> Note that this rule only checks for _literals_ values, and so not objects, arrays, or functions.

Reviewer 2: _literals_ should be _literal_

This is because these types can be mutated and carry with them more complex implications about their usage.

#### The `fields` style

> This style checks for any getters methods that return literal values, and requires them to be defined using fields with the `readonly` modifier instead.

Reviewer 2: "getters methods" -> "getter methods"
